Experts believe that in 2024 the memcroning market awaits growth
Happycoin.club - already in the spring, according to Coinmarketcap, over 138 new listings of meme coins were registered on the market.Currently, the site has over 2.300 of such tokens, and their market capitalization exceeds $ 65 billion.

Today, the excitement around the memcoirs is only intensifying.This can be noted at the Brett ($ Brett) and Andy ($ Brett) rate, which went up by 33.4% and 31.2%, respectively.

CoinmarketCap shows that another TOSHI ($ TOSHI) token increased by 115%per week, and Ben The Dog ($ Bendog) is 171%.

The casement for memeen cryptocurrencies is also confirmed by Playdoge, a new meme, investments in which overcame a mark of $ 2.1 million in 7 days after the official release.

A similar demand for the asset is explained by the overall increased interest of the community in memcins.Especially to the fact that they have a real scope.

Like many other promising cryptocurrencies, PlayDog combines the viral of memes and a fascinating game.This time we are talking about a simulator in the genre of classic Tamagochi, which allows you to earn $ Play.

This asset will also open access to the stakeing mechanism.You can buy it for $ 0.00503 in the framework of the 4th stage of the ICO.

Go to the PlayDog website

Mem -cryptocurrencies with utility have high potential the best cryptocurrencies, as a rule, are actively used inside their ecosystems.Playdoge becomes such a token, which opens access to the simulator for the care of virtual pets.

Investors will be able to receive cryptocurrency reward, caring for their pixel and performing intra -game tasks.

Users who took first places will be presented in the leaders table and receive bonus assets and exclusive awards.

Also, all the $ Play received can be exchanged for other coins.This increases the usefulness of the asset outside its ecosystem.You can also earn memcoirs on stakeing.For blocking assets, developers promise APY in 136%.

New cryptocurrencies in the market are now increasingly striving to combine trend functions and increase their usefulness.Play is a great example of how to successfully combine modern trends and classics.

To this it is worth adding that the demand for games in the web3 format continues to grow.Last year, almost $ 3 billion was invested in this sphere, according to Dappradar.From which we can conclude that PlayDoge is able to reach new peaks at the expense of its game system.

The P2e model is based on the token to a hundredfold growth.This was reported by 99Bitcoins experts on their YouTube channel.

What else do you need to know about Playdoge?The PlayDog application is now under development, but the high demand for a coin within the framework of the ICO is able to bring the release of the game closer.

It is known that the project team created 9.4 billion coins.Of these, 50% are available on Presay, and 6% will be paid as a reward for stakeing.

The asset works on Chain, which increases the chances of its release on Binance.This is a large exchange, whose share in the market is 49% as of March 2024.

Playdoge has successfully passed the audit and is now available for purchase for, BNB or.

In the social network of X and Telegram prohibited in Russia, developers talk about all the news and updates of the project.

This is not the fact of this.Chitatl is in good use of any reason for any reason, they have the same info, which they are at the point of the case.

Read the original article on Happycoin.club