MTS
An interesting idea for conservative investors


Friends, received a lot of questions after the publication last Friday.

The key question is what to do if it is scary to invest in complex financial instruments, but I would like to protect myself from the depreciation of our expensive wooden.

With severe inflation, and last Friday data came out, unfortunately, not comforting, the likelihood that the Russian Central Bank will proceed to a decrease in the Constitutional Court (key rate) falls.Moreover, the regulator can, on the contrary, raise the rate already at the nearest December meeting.

With such a scenario, the presence of papers with a floating coupon oriented to the Ruonia or COP rate in the briefcase will be very, very helpful.

My guys offered me a new idea, which I considered very interesting.

On Thursday, after the placement, the new issue of Roseximbank (ISIN RU000A1077V4) began to be traded with quarterly payments, the coupon of which is recorded before each new period as the amount of the "key rate + 200 basic points (2%)".

Those.17% at the moment.The demand for this paper was so strong that the issuer decided to increase the amount of placement by half - from 10 to 20 billion rubles.

Most of our readers do not know what kind of Roseximbank this is, therefore, we explain.

This bank is a strong issuer of the 2nd echelon with AA credit ratings from 2 leading Russian rating agencies, is an institution of development, and is in the perimeter of VEB.The issuer is more than reliable.It is important, these paper can be purchased without the status of a qualified investor.

For understanding whether this is a lot or a little - a bonus of 200 basic points to the Constitutional Court - I will give an example.

MTS-Bank bonds, which we wrote about earlier, have quarterly coupons with payments according to the Ruonia+220 formula.p. (NKD is considered on a daily basis), the term of circulation has 3 years.

Historically, the difference between the rate of Ruonia and the Constitutional Court is about 20-30 b.p. (i.e., KS is usually slightly higher than Ruonia).MTS-Bank has a rating of A. The paper is traded significantly higher than the face value.

Roseximbank has a rating 3 steps higher than MTS-Bank, is a credit institution with 100% government and offered a bonus at the level of players of the 3rd echelon, although it itself belongs to strong representatives of the 2nd.

I think the idea is extremely interesting for that part of the audience that sees itself as conservative investors.

Separately, I’ll add that protective instruments-and the floaters relate to this is precisely-are precisely head positions, and before taking them “for the whole cutlet” think carefully.