Gazprom MTS
Indirect signs


Guessing about the future is an ungrateful business.But sometimes I really want to know in advance that the coming day is preparing for us.Especially when you are an investor, and your decisions always have a certain cost - negative or positive.

Today I just wanted to speculate on how long we all have to live with an increased bet.If you invest, this is a very important question.But if you invest in bonds, then it becomes the highest.

I spend a lot of time on the market to try to formulate my vision.This is not a firm position.Unfortunately, having real beliefs on the market is an unacceptable luxury.A solid position is almost unconditional confidence in something.And confidence in something is not about the market.It is not only meaningless in conditions of uncertainty, but also dangerous.Since an unshakable faith is a direct path to the so-called error “status quo”, when from the entire stream of information we begin to choose only the one that confirms our own opinion.

But indirect facts are alarming me.And above all, how the behavior of issuers on the primary placement of bonds changes.

After the August lifting of the key rate of up to 12%, the issuers in a single impulse began to be launched on the market.And this is not some kind of trifle, which in good times they do not give money, but the most first-class borrowers.

One would have thought that in the wake of increased demand from investors, the emitted issues decided to demonstrate the attraction of unprecedented generosity.But this is for us investors, a high coupon is a great joy.And for the issuer, this is expenses.Why pay more when RusHydro (MCX :), Gazpromneft (MCX :) or Norilsk Nickel (MCX :) will give money at the rate lower?

I had only one assumption - the financial departments of all these production giants did not believe that the rate would last long at such a high level.Can all these smart guys be mistaken?Of course, but not all at once.

RusHydro occupied 40 billion. The current coupon is 14.2%.At the same time, before that, the company occupied just below 10%.And even after the August increase, she could well take at 11-12%.What is 3% of the difference in the cost of such a debt?Some "miserable" 1.2 billion.

Alfa-Bank decided to join the company of optimists.Now the cost of debt for him is 13.83% instead of the usual 12–12.5%.Well, banks can be, they began to issue loans at 30%.So the extra 2-3% to the cost of the debt will not ruin them.

Russian Railways launched 105 billion fours in August and September.And now pays for debts more than 14.5% per annum.

MTS (MCX :) in October borrowed under Ruonia + 1.25%.And this is more than 16% today.

Gazprom (MCX :) at a time took 120 billion from the market under Ruonia + 1.3%.And now it pays a coupon above 14%, or it will still be.

The first doubts visited me along with entering the OFZ market 26243. Coupon 9.8% for 15 years!What is this?Here is a directly such an incredible need for money that you are ready to pay 9.8% per annum in their debts?

Before I had time to think about this generous gesture from the state, the Ministry of Finance released OFZ 26244 with a coupon of 11.25% for 11 years.

And it rushed.Rostelecom (MCX :) took under 12.85% for three years.And this is a constant coupon.Russian Railways took under 12.55% until 30 years.And notice, no offer.

The Novosibirsk region is preparing to take 7%at a rate above 13%.

Definitely, the "paradigm is changing."Who is right will tell time.But the calls are clearly bad.

And I also think that if those who occupy 13% for 5-7 years are right now, then how cool the guys with the floats hit.