Hopes for lowering bets in September are faded away, the stock market will have to not be easy
The American stock market yesterday demonstrated a sharp fall after severe growth at the opening.As expected, it was a very volatile day with many unexpected turns - the NAVIDIA shares (NASDAQ :)) grew by almost 10%, but finished with a decrease in about 75 basic points.During the day, this index showed a U -turn by 1.4%, and a turn of about 1.5%.

The shares were shaken after the publication of S&P.Against the background of these data, the yield of the trezelris flew up, strengthened, and credit spreads increased, which provoked a retroactive of shares.

The CDX High Yield Index index began with a decrease, but finished in the plus with the general expansion of spreads on high -profit bonds.



The same thing happened with and a couple, which sharply grew up immediately after 09:30 amid stock sales.



Similar dynamics showed S&P 500 and.



Yesterday's economic data testified to a persistent economy and non -consulting inflation.Taking into account also the speeches of the leaders of the Fed this week, and the Fed’s meetings, investors realized that, or the Fed has no idea what it does in terms of inflation and trajectory of monetary policy, or the idea that the rate of increase in the rates is not yet suggestedCompleted.

For a long time I thought that 10/2 spread would become more steep and will change in a positive direction.However, he suddenly stalled and seems to begin to show inversion again.Saying this, I mean that the spread can decrease back to -80 b.p.with current -46 b.p.





Inversion will occur if the trezelris will decrease faster than the profitability of 2-year-old trembris, or if the yield of 2-year-old trembris will grow faster than the profitability of 10-year bonds.In this case, the second option seems more likely, taking into account the fact that the Fed is unlikely to lower the rates in 2024, and the phrase “raising rates” again became relevant after the publication of the protocol.

This means that the yield of 2-year-old tenderris can grow to 5.25% or even higher.Now it is about 4.95%, bargaining very close to 5%.As soon as the resistance of 5%is punched, the profitability can soon reach 5.25%.

The likelihood of increasing the yield of 2-year-olds Tregoris is also indicated by the “Powell indicator”.



So you won’t get bored, the truth is Friday today, and on Monday the markets will be closed, so that the weekend is good.