Sber Tinkoff
By agreement!Coinex P2P service was presented to Russian users of cryptocurrencies
Happycoin.club - tightening the rules for cryptocurrencies in some countries is accompanied by regulatory links to others.

For example, Russian lawmakers have long been discussing the possibility of using digital currencies in international calculations, and yesterday the director of the Department of Financial Policy of the Ministry of Finance Ivan Chebeskov confirmed that the Ministry of Finance is ready to discuss this initiative.

This means new opportunities for many market participants, and crypto -rhinas, which act as the main bridges for the exchange of fiat currencies for digital ones, may play a special role in modern processes.It is no coincidence that almost all sites are occupied by the development of their own multi-picked multi-pickers, new products and services.

This, in addition, is also explained by the increased activity of users who become more and more legible in choosing trading platforms.Not only the number of trading couples, but also the commissions, and the lower they are, the more interesting the specific exchange of cryptocurrencies is.

Responding to such requests, recently the Coinex team launched a P2P trade, the peculiarity of which is the transactions directly between users.Thanks to this, traders will receive several advantages at once.Yes, to find out how to use the service, go to the official website Coinex.com and follow the instructions.

The zero commission for transactions on the P2P platform, which eliminates unnecessary expenses.At the same time, deposits and conclusions will significantly decrease.

The service covers a large number of countries and their national currencies.Currently, there are more than 100, including the Russian ruble.Among the supported banks is Sberbank (MCX :), Tinkoff (Lon :), the system of quick payments is also available.

The operational communication of the buyer with the seller through a special chat, which allows you to quickly discuss the terms of the transaction without intermediaries.

Coinex developers make maximum efforts so that this interaction is safe and effective.In particular, within the framework of the P2P service, the seller’s identity is checked and his cryptocurrency is reserved until the transaction is completed.

In case of any misunderstandings or problems, Coinex support service will help users understand the situation.

Recall that now on Coinex there is a promotion for beginners, in the framework of which they can get a bonus 100.Thus, new customers can get a pleasant cashback for testing P2P capacities.

Coinex, founded in 2017, was actively engaged in expansion around the world.Now its services, including spare, marginal and futures trade, exchange, AMM and financial management services, are used by over 5 million users in more than 200 countries and regions.

The organization is actively involved in industry events in order to be able to communicate with both industry professionals and potential customers.This is a necessary condition for improving the services provided.

Read the original article on Happycoin.club