Tinkoff
Is it time to buy replacing bonds?


The situation in the market ZA is notable.On the one hand, he strengthened, from the point of view of the course, now much more favorable conditions than in August-September.

On the other hand, a canopy of new substitutions, apparently, will remain with us for a long time.By the end of 2024, a month remained, and many companies have not yet been replaced, although, it would seem, they were obliged to do this in accordance with the requirements of the authorities.

As Kommersant wrote, 33 substitutions took place (the last was Tinkoff Bank (MCX :)).Their total volume is about 1.4 trillion rubles.It looks good in vacuum.But this is less than 10% of the entire corporate bond market.

Why does the process proceed so slowly?

Companies simply cannot be faster.Well, or do not want.It’s definitely impossible to say here.The substitution of bonds in itself is a completely new phenomenon for the Russian market.Many processes are not debugged to the desired level.Somewhere there are constantly plugs.At least, they say in some companies that “late” with replacement.

In addition, issuers do not have economic motivation.They noticed that it was the state -owned company that were actively “replaced” in a series of the first?They literally lowered the obligation from above.With private companies, everything is not so simple.

It is reported that a number of companies have already received permission from the government to delay or release from the substitution of Eurobonds.Some plan to do this in the near future.All this only adds the process.In the near future, 6 more issuers should be “replaced”: Alfa-Bank, ICD (MCX :), TMK (MCX :), CHTPZ, SOCCOMBANK and HKF Bank.

What strategy to adhere to replacements?

Our strategy was built on the fact that the main canopy of new placements will be at the end of 2023.But that did not happen.Therefore, plans are shifted by several months.

From the point of view of the course, the most profitable moment for buying is January-February, that is, almost before the elections, when the ruble is getting stronger to local maximums.

But regarding the canopy of replacements, it is very difficult to say.Previously, we had an understandable guideline in the form of an official decree on the mandatory substitution until the end of the year.But it so happened that there were too many exceptions to it.So far, they replaced the Eurobonds for 14, 38b $ still left unnoticed.

Given that some will not be able to replace, we will see that the volume of ZH will grow by about 2.5 times, and even more than 3 trillion rubles will come to the market.For understanding, the flow of money for the bond market, along with the funds of the monetary market, amounted to about 100 billion rubles.

Therefore, this colossal canopy will bring down prices for replacements.Now the market has absorbed past placements, and the prices are generally stable.But if they quickly begin to pour new ZN on the market, the prices of the old ones will roll down.

Therefore, so far the best scenario is the purchase in February-March, and possibly even later.It is necessary that a significant part is already replaced + the strongest ruble as much as possible.If you actively buy the ZA for current ones, it is highly likely to get under a canopy, as it was in the spring of this year, and go into the minus.