Primary market in December (5.1 billion rubles with a coupon of 18.8%) and 2023


Is this a large or small market?

Small.





For the entire 2023 years of new placements of highly profitable bonds (retail outlets with a credit rating no higher than ATV) were gained by 65.5 billion rubles.And the amount of all along in circulation can be estimated at about 100-125 billion rubles.About 0.5% of the Russian corporate bond market.





But over the past year, they have ceased to be outright exotic for both investors and organizers.The number of the latter steadily increased all year and in December reached 25 participants.And let the first three account for almost ½ market.A year ago, everyone together was about 10.

If you take December, then this is the next month not only of the tough DCP of the Bank of Russia, but also to the market resistance to it.The amount of new placements (5.1 billion rubles) turned out to be even near the November (4.6 billion rubles), but more, not less.We waited less.Although in the struggle for the money of investors, the issuers again had to increase the rates.The average first coupon of placed bonds in December was 18.8%.In November, 17.7%, in October, September and August - 17.2%, 16.8%, 15.5%, respectively.



Will the segment develop along and in the coming year?

It looks like yes.Prohibitive (16%) is designed to create problems with lending and creates.And pushes new borrowers from the credit market to bond.Where the money is longer, and more predictability.And the high cost of this money, taking into account the mass use of the offer and the step rates of the coupon, often only seems only.

***

From the editors: If you are looking for a platform that will allow you to easily analyze market tools and select exactly those that are suitable for your portfolio and your investment style, we suggest that you use InvestingPro.

And we give you a coupon for an additional 10% discount on the annual subscription: Promoney1223.

Do not forget to enter the coupon code in a special field when designing and paying for subscription!