The forecast of the week: IPCs and retail sales will be a serious test for "bulls"
The markets have a rich week with the publication, and the performances of several leaders of the Fed.In addition, on Wednesday the expiration of options on, and on Friday - the expiration of monthly options for promotions and indices.

In addition to everything, during this period of the month, the market participants are investing part of the cash in the reverse repo mechanism, which can push it up, possibly by the end of the week, and this, in turn, can lead to a decrease in liquidity.

Macroeconomic data published this week will have a strong impact on the profitability of bonds and.With the stock market, not everything is so simple, because many of the previously worked correlations have ceased to operate, and this tells us about two things.

Either the stock market ran a lot, and a very sharp correction awaits it, which will allow us to normalize these correlations, or something else is happening, which is not so easy to explain.

If you reason logically, some market phenomena are now difficult to explain, including the current level.

In 2021, when the S&P 500 was 4800, the Overnight rate was about zero, the Fed every month bought $ 120 billion assets in the framework of QE, increasing their balance, and real rates were in the depths of the negative territory.

Today, the Overnight rate is 5.35%, the Fed is conducting quantitative toughening, removing $ 95 billion liquidity from the market monthly, and real rates are about 2%.

Thus, either such fundamental phenomena as the relationship of real bets and QE turned out to be false, or something has changed a lot.

You, Mike, think logically, but the markets are not logical, you tell me.I know that the markets are not always logical, because I have been following them for more than 30 years.

Unfortunately, my task is to present facts to readers, and not to make unreasonable, unfounded statements.

Trust can be earned by facts, not inventions, not inventions.When I am wrong, there are at least good arguments behind this, and not just guesses.

I am forming my point of view about the Fed’s policy and the situation in the economy, taking into account the macro slaves and then try to understand in which direction the yield of bonds with the dollar change and, more importantly, financial conditions.Then I try to determine what all this means for the stock market.

When I formulate my assumptions, I also often use technical factors and information about options.Unfortunately, there is no place for illogical periods in this analysis.

The current rally is a rally of several companies in which most shares are not involved.I thought a lot about this, and this is due to the reassessment of NVIDIA (nasdaq :) place) in this world.

Most companies usually do not grow at a pace that NVIDIA grew for the last nine months, so the speed of this revaluation is unusual.

In the first financial quarter of 2024, NVIDIA revenue amounted to $ 7.2 billion. In the fourth quarter, according to the available estimates, it exceeded $ 20 billion, and in the fourth financial quarter of 2025 it is projected at $ 25 billion.

Nvidia

We do not know whether these forecasts will be too high or too low, which attaches additional importance to the company's report next week.

However, we can also argue that the shares at this stage are probably closer to the top than to the lower boundary of the range, taking into account greater clarity regarding future growth rates.

Nvidia

It turns out that we are returning to where we started.It can also mean that impaired correlations between the profitability of bonds and shares are again acquired, and, more importantly, one can begin to think about the upcoming formation of the top.

From a technical point of view, you can even draw logical conclusions that the top will be somewhere around 5025.

Firstly, as I wrote on Wednesday, according to the definition of “ascending wedge”, it was this pattern that was formed on the S&P 500 graph, and the price seems to be very close to its end point.

S&P 500-15-minute timeframe

Secondly, if we consider the current rally 5-wave structure with minimums of October, then the 5th wave is now only about 0.78% of the 3rd wave.

In most cases, the 3rd wave is the longest and most powerful, so it will not be surprising if the 5th wave does not reach 100% of the 3rd wave.

S&P 500-15-minute timeframe

If we count this rally with a 3-wave structure from the minimums of October, then the wave with now is 50% of the wave of A.

S&P 500 - daily timeframe

Moreover, if the profitability of bonds increases, then the effect of this will appear sooner or later.It is noteworthy that on Friday the profitability grew against the background of seasonal adjustment of the IPC, although the data was not noticeably revised.

The profitability increased even after a more successful auction of 10-year-old tenderris in the past environment.

This speaks a lot about the current direction of bets.As I pointed out earlier, a double bottom has been formed on the Trezheris schedule, and a breakdown in the region of 4.2%is brewing.

The yield of 10-year-olds is morerice - daily timeframe