The fall of volatility after the employment report can cause an increase in shares
Trading in the American stock markets ended the day before with a sharp decrease - the index fell by about 1.25%.In the course of trading, the index increased by about 80 basic points, but lost the entire increase in the afternoon.

As the cause of the fall, the growth of geopolitical tension between Israel and Iran is increased.I am not sure of this, at least if you judge when the headlines appeared, and when the shares began to fall.

Nevertheless, the fall of shares accelerated during the second half of the session.It was so sharp and swift that the 1-day yesterday increased more than doubled, to 21.40.

This definitely creates the conditions for a strong reduction in volatility today after the employment report, if it is strong enough to push up the implied volatility.

At the same time, the S&P 500 closed below the 10-day exponential sliding medium and 20-day sliding average, and this trend line is now left behind.

Judging by the schedule, the support of 5150 is an important level. A breakdown of this level may lead to a further decrease in the area of ​​5050.



The increase in prices by was, in my opinion, quite restrained - only about 1%.Oil prices reached a minimum at about noon, but began to grow only after 14:00, when a lot of time has passed since the appearance of headlines about Israel and Iran.That is why I'm not sure about the cause of sales.We are well aware that the media pick up the info for market dynamics.



Prices for lost the increase and fell at the end of the second half of the session.This would hardly have happened if the driving factor was geopolitical tension.

On the other hand, Trezheris decreased, which testified to the strengthening of the unwillingness of investors to take risks.

Someone may assume that the markets reacted to the more hawk tone of the leaders of the Fed, including the head of the Federal Tax Service of Chicago, stopped by Golsby, who noted that the consolidation of inflation indicators may encourage the Fed to refrain from lowering bets.

Golsby is one of the main supporters of the softening of monetary policy in FOMC.It is strange that a decrease in the profitability of 10-year-old Treasury occurred at 14:10, a few minutes after Golsby’s comments.

The reflex reaction of profitability in this case seems quite natural, since such comments should strengthen the fears that the Fed’s in the process will destroy the growth of the housekeeper or cause a recession.



Be that as it may, today the employment report will be published, and it will probably put the markets in motion.The strong growth of VIX1D creates the conditions for a strong fall of volatility, which can cause a very short -term rally of the stock market.

Given what happened on the market for the past five months, we can wait another day before giving bold forecasts.