The markets are waiting for Powell and PCE, the growth of Vix will indicate nervousness
The American stock market yesterday spent a troubled day.In the morning, the quotes grew sharply, then rolled back, but to close again they jumped up.

In the previous two days, the outcome of the auction was greatly influenced by imbalances at the closure, but yesterday the imbalance amounted to only $ 650 million in favor of buyers, and this certainly did not cause growth.

One of the highest volumes of trading of options yesterday was recorded for Cuts with a striking 5215, and they, it seems to me, served as a “wall of the Put” for 0dte.

By the end of the day, the traders, apparently, began to sell these options for fixing the profit.The jump in volumes after 15:00 is obvious.

It is noteworthy, a strong increase in volumes began in the region of 15:30 for the options of the call with a striking 5235 and the expiration of March 27.The cost of these options rose from scratch to about $ 13 in 30 minutes of trading.

And although we cannot say with confidence that it was this trade activity that became the only driver of the market growth, it is quite possible that it was so.

If the growth was associated only with options with yesterday's expiration, it will not be surprising if today the market will lose its position on the eve of the position.

Yesterday it decreased to about 4.18% after three successful auctions - and.

An important question is whether the yield of 10-year-olds will grow from current levels.It would seem that it should grow taking into account the more “pigeon” Fed’s approach, improved economic data and increasing inflation expectations.

But so far the profitability does not increase.Perhaps it is consolidated or waiting for new data, for example, the index going on Friday.Nevertheless, the trend remains ascending.



The profitability of 10-year-old Treaseloris-daily timeframe

He continued to strengthen against, rising to about 0.90.This is an interesting currency couple, taking into account its long -term historical correlation with S&P 500. They are connected by a reverse correlation of about -0.71 with a determination of determination of 0.51, which indicates a solid reverse relationship.

However, since the beginning of January, the trend is in both cases ascending, and such situations have repeatedly arose during the period since 2019.Of course, this deviation may be preserved, but it indicates that something is wrong, and therefore it is necessary to follow it.

S&P 500 and Swiss Frank

In the end, I note that today is the last trading day of the week, and bidding may be strange.Jpmorgan's “collar” will probably cause some distortions in the markets, but we are also waiting for the performance by the Federal Code of the Fed, Jerome Powell, along with the publication of PCE this Friday.

Therefore, investors are likely to hasten to make positions in front of the weekend, and this should manifest itself in one-day.Its growth will mean that investors have hedged positions.