American slides in the markets
April is the most action -packed month in a long time.The market flies up and down, the alignment sometimes changes twice a day.Let's try to figure out what awaits us next.

In the minds of investors and control assets, 2 opposite ideas are currently fighting that determine the dynamics of the market.We discussed this topic in more detail in the April webinar:

1) inflation is too stubborn - the rate will not be reduced soon - this will lead to the correction of the stock market

2) the economy is strong - companies earn a lot - it does not matter what the rate will be, the business will grow

The market moves depending on the way in favor of the idea.In recent weeks, we have received the following introductory:

For script 1: High inflation, Powell’s hawk performance, weak data on GDP.

For script 2: strong reports and forecasts of companies.

Giant reports

Microsoft (nasdaq :) and Google (nasdaq :) last night they literally said: you have your own economy and inflation, and we will grow further.The growth of income from the cloud is no less important.The companies are included in the top three of the largest hyperskealers along with Amazon (Nasdaq :) intended to continue to increase the costs of AI.M*Ta said the same by the way.Vertiv - the first AI promotion reported in this quarter also showed acceleration.Judging by these data, NVIDIA (NASDAQ :) and AI-promotions will again have positive reports.

While the whole economy suffers from a high rate, a small group of companies continues to grow and even accelerates growth.Therefore, markets and sausages so much in recent weeks.A serious negative due to inflation is balanced by strong reports.

Results

Yesterday, the market received a serious argument for growth.Microsoft and Google reports overlap inflation negative.But all points “above and” have not yet been placed.Next week we are waiting for a number of key events that can persuade the scales in favor of correction.

April 30: AMD reports (nasdaq :) and SMCI.One of the key shares.Despite the indirect positive, the market wants to see more data.

April 30: Amazon report.This is an important part of the BIG-7 and hyperskeler, which also indicates an increase in the demand for AI.

May 1: The decision of the Fed at the Headquarters and Powell press conference.Here, everything is clear and no one awaits special surprises.But positive in the form of an announcement of Clamping Qt is possible.At the same time, the markets have already laid a serious negative and it will be difficult to disappoint them very much.

May 2: Apple report (nasdaq :).Here, few are waiting for positive and expectations already low.

So far, a small advantage of a positive scenario.But it is very shaky and can easily evaporate next week.High volatility will remain at least until May 2.Recall that a negative scenario is not an apocalypse with a fall to 4000 points, but a correction that will reflect the problems with inflation - a decrease in the direction of 4800. A positive scenario is an update of a historical maximum due to giants.During such volatile periods, it is better not to take sharp actions, but to wait for the end of the next week.According to the articles in the media, you can see how quickly the opinion changes.On Thursday morning they write, "Tekhi is blown away, GDP is reduced, the Khan's markets."On Thursday evening - "Tekhi is stronger than ever, AI drags the market."A good indicator is the actions of insiders.They calmly wait for the trend to be determined and is in no hurry with sales or purchases.