The market of replacement bonds is waiting for replenishment


Until the end of 2023, according to 430 decree, issuers of corporate Eurobonds are required to replace the papers stored in Russian depository.As a result, the market can double, to $ 31-32 billion (now ~ $ 16.5 billion).This will increase the offer and, perhaps, will put on the prices of already trading papers.The combination of this factor with the strengthening of the ruble gives a good point for the purchase of ZA in terms of prices in % of the face value in December of this year.



Also good prices, but already from the point of view of the ruble price, can be in 1 square.2024, since it is possible to further strengthen the ruble against the background of seasonally weak imports.

Which of the issuers has already begun the process

• From November 9 to 16, there was a collection of applications for the ruble Eurobonds of Alfa-Bank with repayment in 2025.

• From November 13 to 23, applications for two “eternal” issues of Tinkoff are collected (MCX :).

• From November 15 to 22, the GTLK bonds were collected in dollars with repayment in 2024, and from today, a fee for paper began to repay in 2025.

We see that the financial sector was the first to go.Next in line is the oskombank, VTB (MCX :), ICD (MCX :), HKF Bank and other issues at Alfa and GTLK.

The Norkel MMC (MCX :), TMK (MCX :), ALROSA (MCX :), Domodedovo, Nordgold ”, PMH, Polyus (MCX :), Siberias Assembly should begin from the non -financial sector.".

Russian Railways, NLMK (MCX :) and VEB.rf carried out voting for maintaining direct payments, but the results are unknown.

By the way, Norilsk Nickel also carried out such a procedure, but did not collect enough votes to free himself from replacement.Therefore, it is highly likely that the rest will also not be possible, and it will be necessary to produce substitution bonds.

The company "Severstal" received the liberation from the substitution, but the repayment period played the decisive role there - 2024.According to the law of paper with repayment until the end of 2024, you can not replace if the issuer does not have a debt to residents who store Eurobligation in foreign depository.

Victor Devov, Senior Analyst