NASDAQ 100 is preparing to open with a gap above the next resistance
The American stock market completed yesterday's trading.The last minutes of the session were marked by sharp fluctuations in the imbalance of purchases of $ 4.1 billion, and the index grew by almost 1%, and added about 50 basic points.

The quotes rushed up at about three in the afternoon, which is not surprising, given the size of the imbalance.

Such imbalances begin to accumulate at two o’clock, and when they appear, some market participants are trying to play ahead of the lead, and yesterday, apparently, it happened, but this was the last day of the month.

S&P 500-5-minute timframe

For the past few weeks, I mainly follow Nasdaq, because in his case it is enough to simply understand what is happening with support and resistance.

At the moment, little has changed.The index managed to close at the top of the commercial range, which has quite clear boundaries - 17 850 and 18 050.

Everything is quite simple.If today it opens up with a gap up, the resistance will be punched that, taking into account the location of the Bolinger lines, he will indicate the growth potential of 18 150 and, possibly, to the upper boundary of the expanding wedge in the region of 18,450.

In case of breakdown, the support will be at 18 040 and 17 475.

Nasdaq 100 - daily timeframe

Yesterday it grew after at the level of expectations, and so far it was possible to exceed the resistance by 104.25.Until something really significant happens to the dollar, the stock market is unlikely to surrender, because the financial conditions are not tightened sufficiently in order for the shares to begin to fall.

Dollar index - daily timeframe

Meanwhile, the inflationary swing market, apparently, did not like the PCE report.Based on the “preliminary” data, the CPI swaps for June are now traded at 3.06% compared to 2.9% earlier.But I can only confirm this today, so I will have to wait until the weekend.And yet, this market shows that it has already passed for a whole year, and the CPI is still holding 3% and higher.

Inflationary swaps

The shares of NVIDIA (NASDAQ :) can not rise above the level of $ 800, since the accumulation of collles, which has not shifted above, remains here.Yesterday, the papers grew up and touched this level, but stopped at him again.

NVIDIA shares-5-minute timeframe

Meanwhile, the stock fund of the semiconductor sector added 2% per day and is traded at the level of 100% wave stretching A, while he failed to exceed the level of $ 212, recorded last week.

I do not want to say at all that this ETF should now turn down, but those who are looking for trade opportunities and focus on the levels of Fibonacci have the right to expect the end of the rally.

SMH-2-hour timeframe

That's all for today.Later data will be published.Let's see if the fraud rates and gasoline will affect the price component.