NASDAQ 100: The decrease remains in the way of the least resistance
Futures on American stock indices slightly increased against the background of a lack of positive news and persisting geopolitical tension.

Israel is still limited to diplomatic actions, which allowed investors to breathe a sigh of relief, but alternative options are still possible, despite the calls for restraint.

While the macroths are pressure on the markets, attention switches to corporate quarterly reports, which can serve as a catalyst for a rebound.

Invest as large funds for less than $ 9 per month using our tools for selecting Propicks on the basis of AI.Find out the details

The European shares markets, as a day earlier, showed a small growth at the beginning of the auction, pushing the futures on American stock indices slightly up before opening trading on Wall Street.There are almost no positive news that could reassure investors.

Perhaps the market participants are encouraging that Israel is still mainly resorting to diplomatic response measures.

However, the Israeli side did not exclude the possibility of a different answer, despite the constant calls of world leaders to restraint in order to prevent the growth of the conflict in the Middle East.

In conditions of persistent geopolitical tension, creating uncertainty in the markets, investors can help our tools for selecting shares based on technology with forecast functionality.In less than $ 9 per month, he will promptly offer you a selection of shares for the purchase and sale, drawn up using AI.

Subscribe to InestingPro and give the impulse to your portfolio!

At the beginning of the European Session of Wednesday, optimism was mainly heated by positive corporate results.Today, Netflix reports (Nasdaq :) and Blackstone (NYSE [) will be in the spotlight.

As for macro -consumers, today data on the United States will be published and performances of the heads of the Bank of England, Canada Bank and the Fed will be held.However, taking into account the preserved anxiety, markets can, as on Wednesday, lose their initial increase, as soon as American investors are connected to trade.

The main driver standing behind the recent fall of shares is fears about the preservation of high interest rates.These fears intensified after publishing data on Wednesday, testifying to a less strong decrease in inflation in the UK.

Several leaders of the Fed, including the chairman Jerome Powell, began to speak more pessimistic about inflation, increasing the concern about the more “hawk” prospects of interest rates.

Do not forget about geopolitical tension in the Middle East, which continues to disturb investors.

For this reason, no matter how strong they are, the company's quarterly reports can push the market only to temporary growth, since the general prospects for shares have worsened in recent weeks.

Only corporate reports can improve mood

Shares markets are under lower pressure of the last few weeks.Traiders closely monitor the escalation of the conflict in the Middle East and revise their expectations regarding the terms and degree of decrease in the percentage rates of the Fed.

Therefore, the chances of the rebound of shares are now largely dependent on corporate reports.This became obvious on Wednesday, when the strong quarterly results of companies in Europe pushed the stock indices, albeit for a short while.

Will the companies continue to exceed forecasts during the report of the reports of reports?If so, this can soften pressure on the market.

In the USA, the reporting season in the technological sector will soon start.Today, after the closure of regular bidding, Netflix will publish its report.

Although the company no longer publishes forecasts for the growth of the number of subscribers, the expansion of the audience remains a key metric for her.It remains to see if the results of Netflix will justify the leading dynamics of its shares.

Promotions under pressure

It is not yet clear whether the restoration of shares in the rally will result in, or this is only a temporary rebound, like those that we observed the other day.

The shares of the United States and other countries have lost the location of investors in recent weeks in the context of increasing the reluctance to take risks.

This is not surprising, since investors recorded the profit before the reporting season after record dynamics over the past five months (until April).

The main source of anxiety for investors was the increase in tension in the Middle East, where Israel plans retaliation for a Saturday attack by Iran, which creates uncertainty.

In addition, investors have more and more anxiety in an increase in the profitability of government bonds with a decrease in the likelihood of lowering the percentage rates of the Fed in June.

Initially, the traders laid in quotes about six decrease in bets in 2024, but now there was a decrease even by 50 basic points by December.

Increasing public debt and its maintenance costs cause a serInvestors' concern, which explains the ascending trajectory, despite the growth of the profitability of the trembris.

The International Monetary Fund (IMF) criticized the American authorities for the fiscal policy they carried out on Tuesday, which, although it contributed to the recent economic successes of the country, can cause increased inflation and instability in the world financial system, if it is not curbed.

These macroeconomic factors, coupled with fixation of profit, led to the fact that the main indices to the joy of the “bears” pierced the key technical levels.

Texanalis for QQQ and trade ideas

The schedule of the exchange fund reflecting the dynamics indicates the continuation of the descending dynamics after a breakdown of the key support of 434 in this Monday.



As a result of the breakdown, the price fell below the 21-day exponential sliding medium and line of the short-term “bull” trend.

On Tuesday, the market was consolidated before continuing the fall on Wednesday, so the path of least resistance now is an obviously decrease, at least in the short term.

If only in the next couple of days we will not get a clear “bull” turn signal, the most likely outcome will be a further decline towards the blue zone on the graph.

Here are the maximums of 2021 and 2023.- 408.71 and 412.92, respectively.Then these were important levels of resistance, that is, now they can turn into support when re -testing.

Meanwhile, short -term support is 425, where sales began on Wednesday.This level was the head of the Hammer candle, which was formed on February 21, which led to the formation of a gap, which was never filled to Wednesday.

Therefore, the fact that the futures on the indices were bounced from this level, there is nothing surprising.In order for the “bulls” the initiative in the area of ​​current levels, they will need to break through the key resistance levels starting from 429.70 and 434.00.

***

Do not forget to look at the InvestingPro platform to keep up with market trends and understand what they mean from the point of view of your trade decisions.As always in investments, when making any decision, it is extremely important to first conduct a thorough analysis.

The InvestingPro tool helps investors make balanced decisions using a comprehensive analysis of underestimated shares with a significant growth potential.

Make a subscription for less than $ 9 a month and never miss the “bull” markets again!



Do not forget your gift!Use OAPRO1 and OAPRO2 codes when paying and get a 10% discount on the annual and two -year subscription for Pro.

Disclaimer: This article was written for information purposes.It is not a request, proposal, advice, advice or recommendation on investment, so it does not pursue the goal of encouraging the reader to buy assets.Do not forget that any asset is evaluated on the basis of various parameters and is subject to significant risks, which means that the reader must make decisions on investment and take on risks conjugated with them.